dear friends today shot this
small video one of my referrals
800 thousand Satoshi
and made money come about or like
says we will show and tell how
diamond in touch yes so and 1 take off
Hello again well here and your
the videos that I saw you
youtube I registered in this
exchangers
threw in there 800 satosh 850
the story is my wallet
this is your exchange, you put it open
purse and the type below lower you here
replenishment in addition was immediately I
went to the exchanger how to change
bitcoins for rubles like this
clicked cancel and immediately
clicking here for a withdrawal here
Yandex money but wrote what I need there
55 rubles to withdraw and I was given 149
rubles and mentally for some share
seconds here I had zero rubles there
here 149 rubles went to the account
there was an exchange on balance
wallet well here 149 is clearly output steel here
this type 31 is not here nine passed
be gone
story in a split second you too
you come
Well and the main thing that this exchange and exchanges
really thank you blogs